Few enhancements for Shoot force deletion (#8710)
gardener/gardener: docs/extensions/force-deletion.md

### Extension Controllers Not Based on Generic Actuators

The implementation of some extension controllers (for example, the infrastructure controllers in all provider extensions) are not based on a generic `Actuator` implementation. Such extension controllers must always provide a proper implementation of the `ForceDelete` method according to the above guidelines; see the [AWS infrastructure controller](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-provider-aws/tree/master/pkg/controller/infrastructure) as an example. In practice, this might result in code duplication between the different extensions, since the `ForceDelete` code is usually not OS-specific.

> ### Some general force delete implementation examples

Reviewer: Capitalize Each Word In Titles

```suggestion
### Some General Implementation Examples

```

> - If the extension deploys only non-infra-backed resources in the shoot cluster then returning normal delete(`actuator.Delete`) might suffice. (e.g - https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-shoot-networking-filter/blob/1d95a483d803874e8aa3b1de89431e221a7d574e/pkg/controller/lifecycle/actuator.go#L175-L178)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the extension deploys only resources in the shoot cluster not backed by infrastructure in third-party systems, then performing the regular deletion code (`actuator.Delete`) will suffice in the majority of cases. (e.g - https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-shoot-networking-filter/blob/1d95a483d803874e8aa3b1de89431e221a7d574e/pkg/controller/lifecycle/actuator.go#L175-L178)
```

> - If the extension deploys resources which are backed by infra:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the extension deploys resources which are backed by infrastructure in third-party systems:
```

>   - If the resource is in the Seed cluster, the extension should finalize (forcefully, if needed) and delete the resource. This is needed especially if the resource is a custom resource since gardenlet will not be aware of this resource and cannot take action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the resource is in the Seed cluster, the extension should remove the finalizers (forcefully, if needed) and delete the resource. This is needed especially if the resource is a custom resource since `gardenlet` will not be aware of this resource and cannot take action.
```

Reviewer: What does "forcefully, if needed" mean in this context?

Author: Forcefully meant by removing by removing finalizers.

>   - If the resource is in the Shoot and if it's deployed by a ManagedResource, then gardenlet will take care to forcefully delete them in a later step of force-deletion. If the resource is not deployed via a ManagedResource, then it wouldn't block the deletion flow anyway since it is in the Shoot cluster. In both cases, the extension controller can ignore the resource and return `nil`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the resource is in the Shoot and if it's deployed by a `ManagedResource`, then `gardenlet` will take care to forcefully delete it in a later step of force-deletion. If the resource is not deployed via a `ManagedResource`, then it wouldn't block the deletion flow anyway since it is in the Shoot cluster. In both cases, the extension controller can ignore the resource and return `nil`.
```
